805 explain missing router (#854)
np-guard/vpc-network-config-analyzer: pkg/ibmvpc/examples/out/explain_out/SGInternal3SrcToExternalGroup_all_vpcs_explain_detail.txt

===============================================================================

No connections from db-endpoint-gateway-ky[10.240.30.6] to Public Internet 161.0.0.0/8;

> 	connection is blocked due to missing external router

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	connection is blocked because there is no resource for external connectivity
```

Author: done
